Content: New Person ships for the Reviewers. (#8244)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/persons.txt

	explode "tiny explosion" 28
	"final explode" "final explosion large" 1

person "Pain of the Proofreader"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders
	phrase
		word
			"Should you find another ship owned by Brick, tell them to work harder!"
			"Should you find another ship owned by Zitchas, tell them they've a typo on line 9. They'll never see it coming!"
			"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, take a nice look at the files. Sometimes, it helps!"
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proof-reader! You can take my job and I get to laze around doing nothing!"
			"If you see something and it shoots at you, cheat your way to victory!"
			"What did you just say about me you little-"
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
	ship "Waverider" "Phoenix"
		"never disabled"
   
person "Regrets of the Reviewer"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders
	phrase
		word
		"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it’s mind boggling!"
		"Look, we aren’t here for your money. We do all this for free, and look where that gets us…"

> 		"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, come and review some missions on github. It helps!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, come and review some missions on GitHub. It helps!"
```

> 		"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on Github! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"
```

		"What do you mean you don’t have a save file for this Pull!?"
		"Please, for the love of god, don’t make an issue before checking if others have done the same."
		"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

	phrase
		word

> 			“If you do not want your pull request to be merged, ”

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			"If you do not want your pull request to be merged, "
```

Gotta get rid of all those smart quotes!

			“If you prefer your pull request sits idle, ”
			“If you want your pull request to be closed, ”
		word
			“make sure you keep adding content to it”
			“always change unrelated things”
			“do not ever test it, and don’t add integration tests, whatever that is”
			“try not to respect existing syntax and conventions”
			“just forget about it for a while”
			“use the forbidden word: ‘realism’”
			“keep the new feature with the data changes”
			“do not, under any circumstances, be willing to compromise”
			“make sure to ignore what the reviewers tell you to do”
			“don’t write an issue about it first”
		word
			“!” 5
			“.” 5
			“. Trust me, it works.”
			“. You shouldn’t do those things though, I’m just kidding.”

	ship "Waverider" "Phoenix"
	"never disabled"

person "Cries of the Critic"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders
	phrase
		word
			"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it’s mind boggling!"
			"Look, we aren’t here for your money. We do all this for free, and look where that gets us…"
			"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, come and review some missions on github. It helps!"

> 			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on Github! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"

Reviewer 3: Are we calling it github, Github or GitHub?

Author: Git uses "GitHub," so we'll stick with that.

> 			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on Github! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"
```

		"Torpedo" 42
		"Typhoon Pod" 2
		"Typhoon Torpedo" 34
		
		"Dark Storm Shielding" 2
		"Triple Plasma Core"
		"LP036a Battery Pack"
		"LP072a Battery Pack"
		"Large Heat Shunt" 3
		"Fuel Processor" 3
		"Tactical Scanner"

		"Afterburner (Lunar Class)"
		"A370 Atomic Thruster"
		"A375 Atomic Steering"
		"Hyperdrive"
		
	engine 45 212
	engine 21 220
		zoom 0.8
	engine -45 212
	engine -21 220
		zoom 0.8
	gun 0 -223 "Prototype Fusion Cannon"
	gun -59 14 "Typhoon Pod"
	gun 59 14 "Typhoon Pod"
	gun -72 25 "Torpedo Pod"
	gun 72 26 "Torpedo Pod"
	gun -84 38 "Torpedo Pod"
	gun 84 38 "Torpedo Pod"
	turret -37 -11 "Electron Turret"
	turret 37 -11 "Electron Turret"
	turret 0 10 "Wanderer Anti-Missile"
	turret -37 31 "Quad Blaster Turret"
	turret 37 31 "Quad Blaster Turret"
	turret -39 73 "Quad Blaster Turret"
	turret 39 73 "Quad Blaster Turret"
	turret -75 108 "Heavy Laser Turret"
	turret 75 108 "Heavy Laser Turret"
	turret -23 108 "Heavy Laser Turret"
	turret 23 108 "Heavy Laser Turret"
	explode "tiny explosion" 20
	explode "small explosion" 45
	explode "medium explosion" 50
	explode "large explosion" 40
	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"

> 	description `The Waverider was a ship that was first requested and never used for Five Years, Seven Months and Twenty-Seven Days.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `The Waverider was a ship that was first requested and never used for Five Years, Seven Months and Twenty-Seven Days.`
```

> 	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being.`
```

	explode "small explosion" 40
	explode "tiny explosion" 28
	"final explode" "final explosion large" 1

person "Patrol Team"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders

> 	phrase
> 		word
> 		#Marksman addition
> 		"Should you find another ship owned by Brick, tell them to work harder!"
> 		"Should you find another ship owned by Zitchas, tell them they've a typo on line 9. They'll never see it coming!"
> 		"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, take a nice look at the files. Sometimes, it helps!"
> 		"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proof-reader! You can take my job and I get to laze around doing nothing!"
> 		"If you see something and it shoots at you, cheat your way to victory!"
> 		"What did you just say about me you little-"
> 		"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it’s mind boggling!"
> 		"Look, we aren’t here for your money. We do all this for free, and look where that gets us…"
> 		"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, come and review some missions on GitHub. It helps!"
> 		"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"
> 		"What do you mean you don’t have a save file for this Pull!?"
> 		"Please, for the love of god, don’t make an issue before checking if others have done the same."
> 		
> 		#Roadrunner addition
> 		"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
> 		"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	phrase
		word
		#Marksman addition
			"Should you find another ship owned by Brick, tell them to work harder!"
			"Should you find another ship owned by Zitchas, tell them they've a typo on line 9. They'll never see it coming!"
			"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, take a nice look at the files. Sometimes, it helps!"
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proof-reader! You can take my job and I get to laze around doing nothing!"
			"If you see something and it shoots at you, cheat your way to victory!"
			"What did you just say about me you little-"
			"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it’s mind boggling!"
			"Look, we aren’t here for your money. We do all this for free, and look where that gets us…"
			"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, come and review some missions on GitHub. It helps!"
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"
			"What do you mean you don’t have a save file for this Pull!?"
			"Please, for the love of god, don’t make an issue before checking if others have done the same."
		
		#Roadrunner addition
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
			"Code non-functional. Destroy them."
```
These need an extra indentation.

	"final explode" "final explosion large" 1

> 

Reviewer 3: Was this intentional?
Most gaps before `person` are three lines, only this one and one other (and the new patrol team) use two lines.

Author: I've no idea, actually. Maybe just a simple oversight over the years?

#		Saugia
			"Yea... way too much detail. I can't see the cockpit anymore."
			"Just don't go ham on details."
			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast of the lesser details here and the more elsewhere is a lot nicer."
			"I'm just trying to see this half that size and I'm losing a lot of detail."
			"It's awesome, but far too detailed."
			"Now there's a lot less detail conflicting with one another."

#		tibetiroka
			"It's just the Steam CI, no need to panic."
			"Did you check for nullptr?"
			"		How do we indent after line breaks again?"
			"Please put the includes in alphabetical order."
			"Always keep three empty lines between functions."
			"Why do Aliens speak English?"

#		1010todd
			"Style check."
			"I'll give this a better look later."
			"What is this for?"
			"This should be a private member."
			"Comments?"
			"Please remove unnecessary space."

			"Looks good to me."
			"Is this the best name?"
			"The standard copyright header was changed recently."

			"Please use the template."
			"The decision to implement fancy quote is one of the worst in computer history."
			"	This needs another indent."
#		EjoThims
	phrase
		word

> 			"If you want your pull request to not be merged, "
> 			"If you prefer your pull request never be merged, "
> 			"If you prefer your pull request sits idle, "
> 			"If you want your pull request to be closed, "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"If you want your pull request to not be merged"
			"If you prefer your pull request never be merged"
			"If you prefer your pull request sits idle"
			"If you want your pull request to be closed"
		word
			", "		
```

		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"
			"do not ever test it and don't add integration tests. Whatever those even are, they're apparently important"
			"try your best to avoid respecting existing syntax and conventions"
			"just forget about it for a while"
			"use the forbidden word: 'realism'"
			"bury the new feature in semi-relevant data changes"
			"do not, under any circumstances, ever be willing to compromise"
			"make sure to completely ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"
			"skip over writing an issue about it first"
		word
			"!"
			"."
			". Trust me! It works."
			". You shouldn't do those things, though! I'm just kidding."

> 

Reviewer 5: yo I got a couple.

```suggestion

#		bene_dictator
	phrase
		word
			"Just a syntax review. Hold on, I gotta rewrite this quickly. Can you delay the merge?"
			"People who complain about HR don't actually appreciate what we folks do. The number of pull requests that went into that baby..."
			"I was requested for spelling? Oh my goodness, this needs a rewrite..."
			"One more review. Pretty please?"
			"Just one more review before merging."
			"Capitalise that proper noun. Use American English for consistency. For goodness' sake, that needs a comma!"
			"Comma here. Comma doesn't go there. I think that one needs a comma? Hold on, what was a comma again?"
			"Unidentified sentence appears to be lacking comma. Very dangerous, highly likely to incite multiple suggestions on where comma should go. Calling backup reviewers."
			"Commas are your greatest friends."
			"Commas are your greatest enemies."

```
I wonder if mentioning HR is too sensitive... but it's all in good fun. Saying capitalise instead of capitalise is intentional.

(Did this on my ipad so hopefully those are real indents...)

Author: I think the budget currently is 4-8 quotes per reviewer, so the HR one is probably gonna burn.

	ship "Waverider" "Pain of the Proofreader"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Regret of the Art Critics"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Curse of the Code Herders"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Tears of the Choreographers"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Blood of the Adjuncators"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Madness of the Balancers"
		"never disabled"

ship "Waverider"
	sprite "ship/waverider"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/waverider"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"

> 		"cost" 3,000,000

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"cost" 3000000
```
I think this was failing the CI?

		"shields" 10000
		"hull" 7000
		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 1
		"mass" 150
		"drag" 1.5
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"fuel capacity" 1000
		"cargo space" 10000
		"outfit space" 1000
		"weapon capacity" 1000
		"engine capacity" 1000
		weapon
			"blast radius" 340
			"shield damage" 3400
			"hull damage" 1700
			"hit force" 5000
	outfits
		"Particle Cannon" 4
		"S-970 Regenerator"
		"Dwarf Core"
		"LP072a Battery Pack"
		"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
		"Catalytic Ramscoop"
		"Tactical Scanner"
		"Cargo Scanner"
		"Outfit Scanner"
		"Asteroid Scanner"

		"A120 Atomic Thruster"
		"A125 Atomic Steering"
		"A125 Atomic Steering"
		"Scram Drive"

		"Emotional Baggage"
	engine 0 56
	engine -23 64
	engine 23 64
	gun -22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun -31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	description `The Waverider was a ship that was first requested and never used for five years, seven months and twenty-seven days.`
	description `	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being.`

> 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion

	ship "Waverider" "WaveBuger"
		add attributes
			"required crew" 2

```
here's what I think would be cool for the code one - could also go with 1 extra required crew if you think this isnt subtle enough

Author: Or, have two bunks, but required crew of 3, therefore, having it constantly disabled on a 33% chance. :p

Reviewer 6: what 2 bunks? I'm the only official code reviewer, and thats the joke xD
also 33% is too low

Author: _I thought we had two code reviewers this whole time. :p_

Reviewer 6: officialy I'm the only one

			"I'm just trying to see this half that size and I'm losing a lot of detail."
			"It's awesome, but far too detailed."
			"Now there's a lot less detail conflicting with one another."

#		tibetiroka
			"Lol, we broke master again."
			"It's just the Steam CI, no need to panic."
			"DERPY???!!!!!"
			"Did you check for nullptr?"
			"		How do we indent after line breaks again?"
			"Please put the includes in alphabetical order."
			"Uhh, you sure about this?"
			"Always keep three empty lines between functions."
			"aLiEnS DoN'T SpEaK EnGlIsH, nO NeEd tO ChEcK ThE GrAmMaR,"

#		1010todd
			"Style check."
			"Quick pass."
			"I'll give this a better look later."
			"What is this for?"
			"This should be a private member."
			"Comments?"
			"Please remove unnecessary space."

			"Looks good to me."
			"Is this the best name?"
			"<reviewer> requested a review from (Amazinite/Tehhowch)"
			"The standard copyright header was changed recently."

			"Please use the template."
			"The decision to implement fancy quote is one of the worst in computer history."
			"	This needs another indent."

> #		EjoThims

Reviewer 6: iirc I wrote these on the doc, they're based on inspiration from warp-core, and they represent Leaf mostly so I'd just write it's code things?
```suggestion
#		Code
```

Author: That depends on the direction we want to go with this. Saugia raised a good point on having maybe 4-8 per person, so we could add more for new reviewers, but we'll see.

Reviewer 6: thing is this isnt really how Ejo would speak? idk its just a bit weird to me, this could just represent code ppl without being specific as to who (bc these arent really things a mission reviewer would say?) then again it's just a comment
~~dont need to count me in bc I still hope for a uhai pers ship after uhai gets merged~~

Reviewer 7: I thought that it was just crediting who the idea for each line came from, not being attributed directly to anyone specific when said in game?

I do recall listing at least a few things similar to the ones in my section when ideas were asked for, but even then I was thinking in more general terms, not how I specifically would say things.

Reviewer 6: ~~reviewing code PRs now are you Ejo~~
I mean no problem as far as I'm concerned

Author: Looking at the doc, the main one was mainly from fancy quote related, or something about there being too many commas, so...

Reviewer 7: > ~~reviewing code PRs now are you Ejo~~

Gotta check that comment grammar ;)

Reviewer 7: > Looking at the doc, the main one was mainly from fancy quote related, or something about there being too many commas, so...

Yea, those both ring a bell, too lol

So is each list supposed to be what's coming from that reviewer in game, or is it just listing contributions towards the pool of things any reviewer ship may say?

I'm now confused on what is actually intended here :3

Author: > > Looking at the doc, the main one was mainly from fancy quote related, or something about there being too many commas, so...
> 
> Yea, those both ring a bell, too lol
> 
> So is each list supposed to be what's coming from that reviewer in game, or is it just listing contributions towards the pool of things any reviewer ship may say?
> 
> I'm now confused on what is actually intended here :3

I think what happened last year when I was still making this was that it was intended to be for what each ship would say, but now it's been turned to what each reviewer had said before.

This means Todd's statement will, unfortunately, have to be voided. But we'll get to it when we get to it.

Reviewer 3: My quotes are also not necessarily what I say, just ideas I came up with.

Reviewer 8: It may make sense to have comments indicating who is being quoted, or who the phrase represents, but I don't think it make sense to have comments indicating who added the lines. We don't do this anywhere else beyond the copyright header when an individual his responsible for very large parts of the content of a file.

person "Patrol Team"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders
	phrase
		word
#		Marksman
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proofreader! You can take my job, and I get to laze around doing nothing!"
			"If you see something, and it shoots at you, cheat your way to victory!"
			"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it's mind-boggling!"
			"Look, we aren't here for your money. We do all this for free and look where that gets us."
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"
			"What do you mean you don't have a save file for this pull request!?"
			"This statement is, intentionally wrote wrongly to make point."

#		Roadrunner
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
			"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

#		Saugia

> 			"Yea... way too much detail. I can't see the cockpit anymore."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"Yeah... way too much detail. I can't see the cockpit anymore."
```

			"Just don't go ham on details."

> 			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast of the lesser details here and the more elsewhere is a lot nicer."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast of the lesser details here and the more detailed areas elsewhere is a lot nicer."
```

			"I'm just trying to see this half that size and I'm losing a lot of detail."
			"It's awesome, but far too detailed."
			"Now there's a lot less detail conflicting with one another."

#		tibetiroka
			"It's just the Steam CI, no need to panic."
			"Did you check for nullptr?"
			"		How do we indent after line breaks again?"
			"Please put the includes in alphabetical order."
			"Always keep three empty lines between functions."

> 			"Why do Aliens speak English?"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"Why do aliens speak English?"
```

#		1010todd
			"Style check."
			"I'll give this a better look later."
			"What is this for?"
			"This should be a private member."
			"Comments?"
			"Please remove unnecessary space."

			"Looks good to me."
			"Is this the best name?"
			"The standard copyright header was changed recently."

			"Please use the template."
			"The decision to implement fancy quote is one of the worst in computer history."
			"	This needs another indent."
#		EjoThims
	phrase
		word
			"If you want your pull request to not be merged"
			"If you prefer your pull request never be merged"
			"If you prefer your pull request sits idle"
			"If you want your pull request to be closed"
		word

> 			", "		

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			", "
```

		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"
			"do not ever test it and don't add integration tests. Whatever those even are, they're apparently important"
			"try your best to avoid respecting existing syntax and conventions"
			"just forget about it for a while"
			"use the forbidden word: 'realism'"
			"bury the new feature in semi-relevant data changes"
			"do not, under any circumstances, ever be willing to compromise"
			"make sure to completely ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"
			"skip over writing an issue about it first"
		word
			"!"
			"."
			". Trust me! It works."
			". You shouldn't do those things, though! I'm just kidding."

	phrase
		word

> 			"Just a syntax review. Hold on, I gotta rewrite this quickly. Can you delay the merge?"

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			"Just a syntax review. Hold on, I gotta rewrite this whole paragraph for you quickly. Delay the merge!"
```

Author: Added manually.

> 			"People who complain about HR don't actually appreciate what we folks do. The number of pull requests that went into that baby..."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed Manually.

			"I was requested for spelling? Oh my goodness, this needs a rewrite..."
			"One more review. Pretty please?"
			"Just one more review before merging."

> 			"Capitalise that proper noun. Use American English for consistency. For goodness' sake, that needs a comma!"

Reviewer 9: Is `capitalise` here supposed to be spelled with a 's' as a joke, or was this unintentional? Either way I think we should keep it.

Reviewer 5: It's intentional

Author: The build failed because of that S, sadly.

Reviewer 6: you can just add an exception for that line in the spellchecker

Author: Yee, need help with that...

			"Comma here. Comma doesn't go there. I think that one needs a comma? Hold on, what was a comma again?"
			"Unidentified sentence appears to be lacking comma. Very dangerous, highly likely to incite multiple suggestions on where comma should go. Calling backup reviewers."
			"Commas are your greatest friends."
			"Commas are your greatest enemies."

	ship "Waverider" "Pain of the Proofreader"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Regret of the Art Critics"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Curse of the Code Herders"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Tears of the Choreographers"
		"never disabled"

> 	ship "Waverider" "Blood of the Adjuncators"

Reviewer 5: What is an Adjuncator?

Author: > An adjudicator is someone who presides, [judges](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judge), and [arbitrates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arbitration) during a formal [dispute](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/dispute) or [competition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Competition). They have numerous purposes, including preliminary [legal judgments](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legal_judgment), to determine applicant eligibility, or to assess contenders' performance in competitions.

For this purpose, they represent either themes or mission.

Reviewer 5: Alright.
```suggestion
	ship "Waverider" "Blood of the Adjudicators"
```

			"It's awesome, but far too detailed."
			"Now there's a lot less detail conflicting with one another."

#		tibetiroka
			"It's just the Steam CI, no need to panic."
			"Did you check for nullptr?"
			"		How do we indent after line breaks again?"
			"Please put the includes in alphabetical order."
			"Always keep three empty lines between functions."
			"Why do aliens speak English?"

#		bene-dictator
			"Just a syntax review. Hold on, I have to rewrite this whole paragraph for you quickly. Delay the merge!"
			"I was requested for spelling? Oh my goodness, this needs a rewrite..."
			"One more review. Pretty please?"
			"Just one more review before merging."
			"Capitalise that proper noun. Use American English for consistency. For goodness' sake, that needs a comma!"
			"Comma here. Comma doesn't go there. I think that one needs a comma. Hold on, what was a comma again?"
			"Unidentified sentence appears to be lacking a comma. Very dangerous, and highly likely to incite multiple suggestions on where the comma should go. Calling backup reviewers."
			"Commas are your greatest friends."
			"Commas are your greatest enemies."

#		roadrunner56
			"More semicolons!"

> 			"... I think I broke something."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"...I think I broke something."
```

			"Canadian spelling fails me again."
			"This is my last review, I swear."
			"Looks like school's starting back up again. See you in a few months."
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
			"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

#		EjoThims
	phrase
		word
			"If you want your pull request not to be merged"

> 			"If you prefer your pull request never be merged"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"If you prefer that your pull request never be merged"
```

> 			"If you prefer your pull request sits idle"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"If you prefer that your pull request sits idle"
```

	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description `This is an old war-torn Hai Ladybug with numerous modifications done on the hull. Apart from the additional turret mounts, the main adjustments on the vessel are three huge engine cells - two in the back replacing the old engine pods, and one in the front replacing the gun mounts. These push the Modified Ladybug to speeds only an insane captain would enjoy.`

person "Patrol Team"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders

> 	phrase

Reviewer 10: I think we should have a limited amount of quotes per individual person. This is a `pers` representing the Reviewer team as a whole. We can do some trickery with phrases to make sure each individual's quotes are equal weight when being displayed, but I still feel we should keep quotes from specific people at a certain amount, the more we add the less of a chance each individual quote has to show, especially considering `persons` are rare to begin with. I feel like maybe around 4-8 per person or something like that would be fine, but I am open to discussion on that.

Also keep in mind, since this is a `pers` for the Reviewer team in general and not one individual, that means either future interested Reviewers or those who become Reviewers in the future may want their own quotes, hence why I think a lower amount per person is fair and workable.

		word
#		Marksman

> 			"Should you find another ship owned by Brick, tell them to work harder!"
> 			"Should you find another ship owned by Zitchas, tell them they have a typo on line 9. They'll never see it coming!"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
```
We don't refer to other `persons` either in the game or outside of it directly in quotes.

Author: Yep. Agreed.

			"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, take a nice look at the files. Sometimes, it helps!"

> 			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proofreader! You can take my job and I get to laze around doing nothing!"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proofreader! You can take my job, and I get to laze around doing nothing!"
```

Author: Given how we don't want to refer to people outside the game, would this statement even pass that criteria?

> 			"If you see something and it shoots at you, cheat your way to victory!"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"If you see something, and it shoots at you, cheat your way to victory!"
```

> 			"What did you just say about me you little-"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			"What did you just say about me?"
```
Generally we use punctuation in quotes, so something like this would be better.

			"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it's mind-boggling!"

> 			"Look, we aren't here for your money. We do all this for free, and look where that gets us."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"Look, we aren't here for your money. We do all this for free and look where that gets us."
```

This one I'm actually unsure about. Closest I can find is `Originally Answered: Should you put a comma before the conjunction in conjoined imperative clauses? No, you would not use a comma here. You're describing a compound predicate, not a compound sentence. The second phrase still uses the implied 'you' in the first imperative clause.`

But that deals with both subjects being implied from the imperative, not just the second clause. @endless-sky/writing-patrol

Author: Hmm. This may be a case where rewriting it would result in a net positive.

			"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, come and review some missions on GitHub. It helps!"
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"

> 			"What do you mean you don't have a save file for this Pull!?"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			"What do you mean you don't have a save file to test this with?"
```
Suggesting away from a term players may not know, but still keeps the original message.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
			"What do you mean you don't have a save file for this pull request?"
```

References to pull requests already exist in other person hails.

			"Please, for the love of god, don't make an issue before checking if others have done the same."

> 			"This statement is, intentionally wrote wrongly to make point."

Reviewer 7: I hate this. <3

Author: ;)

#		Roadrunner
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."

> 			"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

Reviewer 10: I'm not sure we can give a `person` quotes for being hostile, so if that's the case, these seem a little odd to have as an overall hail. Also, since we're suggesting quotes per-reviewer, I feel they would be better if they are focused on that reviewer's category.

#		Saugia
			"Yea... way too much detail. I can't see the cockpit anymore."
			"Just don't go ham on details."
			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast of the lesser details here and the more elsewhere is a lot nicer."
			"I'm just trying to see this half that size and I'm losing a lot of detail."
			"It's awesome, but far too detailed."

> 			"Now there's a lot less detail conflicting with one another."

Reviewer 10: I'd like to come back to these, I have a few ways of rewording them better. Instead of some specific lines, I'd reword them more as a generalized statement, ie.... "When modeling a ship, be careful on how much detail you give it!", etc.. (I'll come up with them.)

#		tibetiroka
			"Lol, we broke master again."
			"It's just the Steam CI, no need to panic."
			"DERPY???!!!!!"
			"Did you check for nullptr?"
			"		How do we indent after line breaks again?"
			"Please put the includes in alphabetical order."
			"Uhh, you sure about this?"
			"Always keep three empty lines between functions."

> 			"aLiEnS DoN'T SpEaK EnGlIsH, nO NeEd tO ChEcK ThE GrAmMaR,"

Reviewer 10: A few things:

Avoid acronyms and internet terminology. Yes, everyone knows what lol means, but quotes have a certain etiquette to them and avoid slang or similar things.

Avoid unusual capitalization - again, we set a certain precedent with quotes being structured a bit more professionally to be displayed, if that makes sense, so no memery, and only sticking to proper capitalization.

No need to try and write in exaggeration with the use of multiple letters or similar, following the above reasons (things like Uhhhhhhhh, or Suuure, etc..)

The indent one is good and can be an exception. :)

Author: > Avoid unusual capitalization - again, we set a certain precedent with quotes being structured a bit more professionally to be displayed, if that makes sense, so no memery, and only sticking to proper capitalization.

Maybe rewording it to something along the lines of "why do aliens speak English anyways" would be better.

#		1010todd
			"Style check."
			"Quick pass."
			"I'll give this a better look later."
			"What is this for?"
			"This should be a private member."
			"Comments?"
			"Please remove unnecessary space."

> 

Reviewer 7: Cheeky lol

			"Looks good to me."

> 			"This should be const"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
```
Probably avoid terms like this, or just make them more generalized like, "This code isn't right." etc..

			"Is this the best name?"

> 			"<reviewer> requested a review from (Amazinite/Tehhowch)"

Reviewer 10: Again, avoid direct references. "<reviewer>" is a bit too meta also, as is the concept of an outside perspective on an action being a quote of a `pers`.

			"The standard copyright header was changed recently."

			"Please use the template."
			"The decision to implement fancy quote is one of the worst in computer history."
			"	This needs another indent."

> 
> 	phrase
> 		word
> 			"Issue #"
> 
> 		word
> 			"4034"
> 			"2979"
> 			"645"
> 			"4124"
> 			"1255"
> 			"5311"
> 			"4460"
> 			"651"
> 			"3148"
> 			"802"
> 			"3907"
> 			"362"
> 

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
```

This section just feels odd. I don't think having a quote be a specific issue number/reference is worthwhile for something to be displayed.

Author: Fair.
Also, I looked up those numbers and they were fighter related issues, which... why?

#		EjoThims
	phrase
		word

> 			"If you do not want your pull request to be merged, "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"If you want your pull request to not be merged, "
			"If you prefer your pull request never be merged, "
```

Hope I copied that spacing right. :3

			"If you prefer your pull request sits idle, "
			"If you want your pull request to be closed, "
		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"

> 			"do not ever test it, and don't add integration tests, whatever that is"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"do not ever test it and don't add integration tests. Whatever those even are, they're apparently important"
```

> 			"try not to respect existing syntax and conventions"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"try your best to avoid respecting existing syntax and conventions"
```

			"just forget about it for a while"
			"use the forbidden word: 'realism'"

> 			"keep the new feature with the data changes"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"bury the new feature in semi-relevant data changes"
```

> 			"do not, under any circumstances, be willing to compromise"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"do not, under any circumstances, ever be willing to compromise"
```

> 			"make sure to ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"make sure to completely ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"
```

> 			"don't write an issue about it first"

Reviewer 10: These quotes seem a bit overly negative to get the points across. A few of them would work, though.

> 			"don't write an issue about it first"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"skip over writing an issue about it first"
```

		word

> 			"!" 5
> 			"." 5

Reviewer 10: Again, avoid duplication in punctuation.
```suggestion
			"!"
			"."
```

> 			". Trust me, it works."

Reviewer 7: Won't starting these with the punctuation double up on whichever was chosen above?

Author: I don't think so, no. Let me look at this again.

> 			". Trust me, it works."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			". Trust me! It works."
```

> 			". You shouldn't do those things though, I'm just kidding."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			". You shouldn't do those things, though! I'm just kidding."
```

> 	ship "Waverider" "Pain of the Proofreader"
> 		"never disabled"
> 	ship "Waverider" "Regret of the Art Critics"
> 		"never disabled"
> 	ship "Waverider" "Curse of the Code Herders"
> 		"never disabled"
> 	ship "Waverider" "Tears of the Choreographers"
> 		"never disabled"
> 	ship "Waverider" "Blood of the Adjuncators"
> 		"never disabled"
> 	ship "Waverider" "Madness of the Balancers"
> 		"never disabled"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
	ship "Waverider" "Pain of the Proofreader"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Regret of the Art Critics"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Curse of the Code Herders"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Tears of the Choreographers"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Blood of the Adjuncators"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Madness of the Balancers"
		"never disabled"
```
```suggestion
	ship "Waverider" "Pain of the Proofreader"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Regret of the Art Critics"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Curse of the Code Herders"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Tears of the Choreographers"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Blood of the Adjuncators"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Madness of the Balancers"
		"never disabled"
```
These names are too long don't fit the targeting menu. It might just be better to use the nouns without the adjectives, like Balancers, Artists, and Proofreaders, but you can play around and see what fits.

Author: Right, this is the annoying part.
Using pure numbers, the largest sum of characters that can be inputted in a name before being too long is exactly 19 characters. For Choreographer with it's 14 characters, it would be hard to come up with a second word that would fit within 5 characters, non-including of spacing.

Author: I take that back, Choreographer's Tears fits.

ship "Waverider"
	sprite "ship/waverider"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/waverider"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"

> 		"cost" 0

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
		"cost" 3,000,000
```
Give it some value, even if never seen! A Firebird is around 3,700,000 as a MW, and a Raven is 2,200,000 as a LW (also has 4 guns.)

		"shields" 10000

> 		"hull" 10000

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
		"hull" 7000
```
Just so it's more shield-leaning. Compare it to other persons as well (Max's Fury has 3k shields 600 armor, Pointed's Vanguard has 20k shields 8k armor, etc..)

		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 1
		"mass" 150
		"drag" 1.5
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"fuel capacity" 1000

> 		"cargo space" 10000
> 		"outfit space" 1000
> 		"weapon capacity" 1000
> 		"engine capacity" 1000

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
		"cargo space" 10000
		"outfit space" 1000
		"weapon capacity" 1000
		"engine capacity" 1000
```

I know it's not capturable, but it's good practice to have these numbers based around the ship's build space. I can suggest values later if you don't get to it or are unsure how to go about it.

Author: Given that they're uncapturable, probably just add the sum of all the outfits and then writing down the final figure.

		weapon
			"blast radius" 340
			"shield damage" 3400
			"hull damage" 1700
			"hit force" 5000
	outfits
		"Particle Cannon" 4
		"S-970 Regenerator"
		"Dwarf Core"
		"LP072a Battery Pack"
		"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
		"Catalytic Ramscoop"
		"Tactical Scanner"
		"Cargo Scanner"
		"Outfit Scanner"
		"Asteroid Scanner"

		"A120 Atomic Thruster"
		"A125 Atomic Steering"
		"A125 Atomic Steering"
		"Scram Drive"

#		"Emotional Baggage"

> 	
> 	gun -22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
> 	gun 22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
> 	gun -31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
> 	gun 31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
> 	engine 0 56
> 	engine -23 64
> 	engine 23 64
> 	description `The Waverider was a ship that was first requested and never used for Five Years, Seven Months and Twenty-Seven Days.`
> 	description `	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being.`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
	engine 0 56
	engine -23 64
	engine 23 64
	gun -22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun -31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	description `The Waverider was a ship that was first requested and never used for five years, seven months and twenty-seven days.`
	description `	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being.`
```
Engine definitions go before weapons. Also, the caps aren't really necessary to get the point across when you already are explaining a long period of time with several words.

Author: Noted.

		"never disabled"

ship "Waverider"
	sprite "ship/waverider"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/waverider"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"
		"cost" 0
		"shields" 10000
		"hull" 10000
		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 1
		"mass" 150
		"drag" 1.5
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"fuel capacity" 1000
		"cargo space" 10000
		"outfit space" 1000
		"weapon capacity" 1000
		"engine capacity" 1000
		weapon
			"blast radius" 340
			"shield damage" 3400
			"hull damage" 1700
			"hit force" 5000
	outfits
		"Particle Cannon" 4
		"S-970 Regenerator" 
		"Dwarf Core"
		"LP072a Battery Pack"
		"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler" 
		"Catalytic Ramscoop" 
		"Tactical Scanner"
		"Cargo Scanner"
		"Outfit Scanner"
		"Asteroid Scanner"

		"A120 Atomic Thruster"
		"A125 Atomic Steering"
		"A125 Atomic Steering"
		"Scram Drive"

		"Emotional Baggage" #Ya... we'll get to it when we get to it.
	
	gun -22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun -31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	engine 0 56 
	engine -23 64 
	engine 23 64 
	description "The Waverider was a ship that was first requested and never used for Five Years, Seven Months and Twenty-Seven Days."

> 	description "	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being."

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
	description "	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being."

```

	description `This is an old war-torn Hai Ladybug with numerous modifications done on the hull. Apart from the additional turret mounts, the main adjustments on the vessel are three huge engine cells - two in the back replacing the old engine pods, and one in the front replacing the gun mounts. These push the Modified Ladybug to speeds only an insane captain would enjoy.`

person "Patrol Team"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders
	phrase
		word
		#Marksman addition
			"Should you find another ship owned by Brick, tell them to work harder!"
			"Should you find another ship owned by Zitchas, tell them they have a typo on line 9. They'll never see it coming!"
			"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, take a nice look at the files. Sometimes, it helps!"
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proofreader! You can take my job and I get to laze around doing nothing!"
			"If you see something and it shoots at you, cheat your way to victory!"
			"What did you just say about me you little-"
			"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it's mind-boggling!"

> 			"Look, we aren't here for your money. We do all this for free, and look where that gets us…"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			"Look, we aren't here for your money. We do all this for free, and look where that gets us."
```

			"Please, for the love of god, don't make an issue before checking if others have done the same."
			"This statement is, intentionally wrote wrongly to make point."

		
		#Roadrunner addition
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
			"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

		#Saugia addition
			"Yea... way too much detail. I can't see the cockpit anymore."
			"Just don't go ham on details."
			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast of the lesser details here and the more elsewhere is a lot nicer."
			"I'm just trying to see this half that size and I'm losing a lot of detail."
			"It's awesome, but far too detailed."
			"Now there's a lot less detail conflicting with one another."

		#tibetiroka addition
			"Lol, we broke master again."
			"It's just the Steam CI, no need to panic."
			"DERPY???!!!!!"
			"Did you check for nullptr?"
			"		How do we indent after line breaks again?"
			"Please put the includes in alphabetical order."
			"Uhh, you sure about this?"
			"Always keep three empty lines between functions."
			"aLiEnS DoN'T SpEaK EnGlIsH, nO NeEd tO ChEcK ThE GrAmMaR,"

		#1010todd addition
			"Style check."

> 			"Quick pass."  
> 			"I'll give this a better look later."  
> 			"What is this for?" 
> 			"This should be a private member." 
> 			"Comments?" 
> 			"Please remove unnecessary space." 
> 
> 			"Looks good to me."  
> 			"This should be const"  
> 			"Is this the best name?" 
> 			"<reviewer> requested a review from (Amazinite/Tehhowch)" 
> 			"The standard copyright header was changed recently."
> 
> 			"Please use the template."
> 			"The decision to implement fancy quote is one of the worst in computer history."
> 			"	This needs another indent." 

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			"Quick pass."
			"I'll give this a better look later."
			"What is this for?"
			"This should be a private member."
			"Comments?"
			"Please remove unnecessary space."

			"Looks good to me."
			"This should be const"
			"Is this the best name?"
			"<reviewer> requested a review from (Amazinite/Tehhowch)"
			"The standard copyright header was changed recently."

			"Please use the template."
			"The decision to implement fancy quote is one of the worst in computer history."
			"	This needs another indent."
```

	phrase
		word
			"Issue #"

		word
			"4034"
			"2979"
			"645"
			"4124"
			"1255"
			"5311"
			"4460"
			"651"
			"3148"
			"802"
			"3907"
			"362"

	#EjoThims addition
	phrase
		word
			"If you do not want your pull request to be merged, "
			"If you prefer your pull request sits idle, "
			"If you want your pull request to be closed, "
		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"
			"do not ever test it, and don't add integration tests, whatever that is"
			"try not to respect existing syntax and conventions"
			"just forget about it for a while"

> 			"use the forbidden word: ‘realism’"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			"use the forbidden word: 'realism'"
```

> 		#1010todd addition
> 			"Style check."
> 			"Quick pass."  
> 			"I'll give this a better look later."  
> 			"What is this for?" 
> 			"This should be a private member." 
> 			"Comments?" 
> 			"Please remove unnecessary space." 
> 
> 			"Looks good to me."  
> 			"This should be const"  
> 			"Is this the best name?" 
> 			"<reviewer> requested a review from (Amazinite/Tehhowch)" 
> 			"The standard copyright header was changed recently."
> 
> 			"Please use the template."
> 			"The decision to implement fancy quote is one of the worst in computer history."
> 			"	This needs another indent." 
> 
> 	phrase
> 		word
> 			"Issue #"
> 
> 		word
> 			"4034"
> 			"2979"
> 			"645"
> 			"4124"
> 			"1255"
> 			"5311"
> 			"4460"
> 			"651"
> 			"3148"
> 			"802"
> 			"3907"
> 			"362"
> 
> 
> 	#EjoThims addition
> 	phrase
> 		word
> 			"If you do not want your pull request to be merged, "
> 			“If you prefer your pull request sits idle, ”
> 			“If you want your pull request to be closed, ”
> 		word
> 			“make sure you keep adding content to it”
> 			“always change unrelated things”
> 			“do not ever test it, and don’t add integration tests, whatever that is”
> 			“try not to respect existing syntax and conventions”
> 			“just forget about it for a while”
> 			“use the forbidden word: ‘realism’”
> 			“keep the new feature with the data changes”
> 			“do not, under any circumstances, be willing to compromise”
> 			“make sure to ignore what the reviewers tell you to do”
> 			“don’t write an issue about it first”
> 		word
> 			“!” 5
> 			“.” 5
> 			“. Trust me, it works.”
> 			“. You shouldn’t do those things though, I’m just kidding.”

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it's mind-boggling!"
			"Look, we aren't here for your money. We do all this for free, and look where that gets us…"
			"If you don't know where to start in helping the game, come and review some missions on GitHub. It helps!"
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"
			"What do you mean you don't have a save file for this Pull!?"
			"Please, for the love of god, don't make an issue before checking if others have done the same."
			"This statement is, intentionally wrote wrongly to make point."

		
		#Roadrunner addition
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
			"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

		#Saugia addition
			"Yea... way too much detail. I can't see the cockpit anymore."
			"Just don't go ham on details."
			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast of the lesser details here and the more elsewhere is a lot nicer."
			"I'm just trying to see this half that size and I'm losing a lot of detail."
			"It's awesome, but far too detailed."
			"Now there's a lot less detail conflicting with one another."

		#tibetiroka addition
			"Lol, we broke master again."
			"It's just the Steam CI, no need to panic."
			"DERPY???!!!!!"
			"Did you check for nullptr?"
			"		How do we indent after line breaks again?"
			"Please put the includes in alphabetical order."
			"Uhh, you sure about this?"
			"Always keep three empty lines between functions."
			"aLiEnS DoN'T SpEaK EnGlIsH, nO NeEd tO ChEcK ThE GrAmMaR,"

		#1010todd addition
			"Style check."
			"Quick pass."  
			"I'll give this a better look later."  
			"What is this for?" 
			"This should be a private member." 
			"Comments?" 
			"Please remove unnecessary space." 

			"Looks good to me."  
			"This should be const"  
			"Is this the best name?" 
			"<reviewer> requested a review from (Amazinite/Tehhowch)" 
			"The standard copyright header was changed recently."

			"Please use the template."
			"The decision to implement fancy quote is one of the worst in computer history."
			"	This needs another indent." 

	phrase
		word
			"Issue #"

		word
			"4034"
			"2979"
			"645"
			"4124"
			"1255"
			"5311"
			"4460"
			"651"
			"3148"
			"802"
			"3907"
			"362"

	#EjoThims addition
	phrase
		word
			"If you do not want your pull request to be merged, "
			"If you prefer your pull request sits idle, "
			"If you want your pull request to be closed, "
		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"
			"do not ever test it, and don't add integration tests, whatever that is"
			"try not to respect existing syntax and conventions"
			"just forget about it for a while"
			"use the forbidden word: ‘realism’"
			"keep the new feature with the data changes"
			"do not, under any circumstances, be willing to compromise"
			"make sure to ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"
			"don't write an issue about it first"
		word
			"!" 5
			"." 5
			". Trust me, it works."
			". You shouldn't do those things though, I'm just kidding."
```

person "Patrol Team"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders
	phrase
		word
#		Marksman
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proofreader! You can take my job, and I get to laze around doing nothing!"
			"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it's mind-boggling!"
			"Look, we aren't here for your money. We do all this for free and look where that gets us."
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"
			"What do you mean you don't have a save file for this pull request!?"
			"This statement is, intentionally wrote wrongly to make point."

#		Saugia
			"Yeah... way too much detail. I can't see the cockpit anymore."
			"Just don't go ham on details."

> 			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast of the lesser details here and the more detailed areas elsewhere is a lot nicer."

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast between the less detailed area here and the more detailed areas elsewhere is a lot nicer."
```

	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description `This is an old war-torn Hai Ladybug with numerous modifications done on the hull. Apart from the additional turret mounts, the main adjustments on the vessel are three huge engine cells - two in the back replacing the old engine pods, and one in the front replacing the gun mounts. These push the Modified Ladybug to speeds only an insane captain would enjoy.`

person "Patrol Team"
	government "Author"
	frequency 300
	personality
		mining harvests plunders
	phrase
		word
#		Marksman
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider being a proofreader! You can take my job, and I get to laze around doing nothing!"
			"The number of times someone breaks the fourth wall, it's mind-boggling!"
			"Look, we aren't here for your money. We do all this for free and look where that gets us."
			"If you're interested in helping out but don't have time, consider looking through the proposals on GitHub! Sometimes, a new perspective is needed!"
			"What do you mean you don't have a save file for this pull request!?"
			"This statement is, intentionally wrote wrongly to make point."

#		Saugia

> 			"Yeah... way too much detail. I can't see the cockpit anymore."
> 			"Just don't go ham on details."
> 			"These areas are looking much better, though. The contrast between the less detailed area here and the more detailed areas elsewhere is a lot nicer."
> 			"I'm just trying to see this half that size and I'm losing a lot of detail."
> 			"It's awesome, but far too detailed."
> 			"Now there's a lot less detail conflicting with one another."

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			"Sometimes, a large amount of detail on a model can look less appealing."
			"Sometimes, a small amount of detail on a model can look more appealing."
			"Make sure to look at an image from a few steps back as well."
			"Down with tangents, up with overlaps."
			"Don't be afraid of adding more contrast."
			"If you want to learn how to create artwork, start with a donut."
```
Kinda just some generic ones I'd say or believe in ~~as opposed to just grabbing every time I talk about detail.~~.

			"Looks like school's starting back up again. See you in a few months."
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
			"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

#		EjoThims
	phrase
		word
			"If you want your pull request not to be merged"
			"If you prefer that your pull request never be merged"
			"If you prefer that your pull request sits idle"
			"If you want your pull request to be closed"
		word
			", "
		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"
			"do not ever test it and don't add integration tests. Whatever those even are, they're apparently important"
			"try your best to avoid respecting existing syntax and conventions"
			"just forget about it for a while"
			"use the forbidden word: 'realism'"
			"bury the new feature in semi-relevant data changes"
			"do not, under any circumstances, ever be willing to compromise"
			"make sure to completely ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"
			"skip over writing an issue about it first"
		word
			"!"
			"."
			". Trust me! It works."
			". You shouldn't do those things, though! I'm just kidding."

	ship "Waverider" "Proofreader's Pain"
		"never disabled"
		add attributes

> 			"bunk" 4

Author: In theory, we don't often have new Reviewers come into the fold, so I'm thinking that any changes to the Reviewer's bunk numbers would either happen when there's actually a new Reviewer added (which would likely happen not so soon) or every few releases.

Then again, if you think it's better to remove the bunk numbers right out (aside for code herder's,) I wouldn't have any strong opinions against it.

> 			"bunk" 4

Reviewer 11: I'd rather just remove the bunks so that it's a non-issue.

		"hull" 7000
		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 1
		"mass" 150
		"drag" 1.5
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"fuel capacity" 1000
		"cargo space" 100
		"outfit space" 346
		"weapon capacity" 120
		"engine capacity" 54
		weapon
			"blast radius" 340
			"shield damage" 3400
			"hull damage" 1700
			"hit force" 5000
	outfits
		"Particle Cannon" 4
		"S-970 Regenerator"
		"Dwarf Core"
		"LP072a Battery Pack"
		"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
		"Catalytic Ramscoop"
		"Tactical Scanner"
		"Cargo Scanner"
		"Outfit Scanner"
		"Asteroid Scanner"

		"A120 Atomic Thruster"
		"A125 Atomic Steering"
		"A125 Atomic Steering"
		"Scram Drive"

		"Emotional Baggage"
	engine 0 56
	engine -23 64
	engine 23 64
	gun -22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun -31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	description `The Waverider was a ship that was first requested and never used for five years, seven months and twenty-seven days.`
	description `	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being.`

outfit "Emotional Baggage"
	category "Unique"
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	description `The physical embodiment of everything that made the Reviewers who they are today.`

> 	description `	Unfortunately, it's not for sale.`

Author: ![image](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/40426530/756b107c-e027-4c80-85e5-e3cad7fe1bec)

> 	description `	Unfortunately, it's not for sale.`

Reviewer 10: Epic embed fail.

> 	description `	Unfortunately, it's not for sale.`

Author: > Epic embed fail.

_I don't know the ways of this dark arts._

	explode "huge explosion" 10
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description `This is an old war-torn Hai Ladybug with numerous modifications done on the hull. Apart from the additional turret mounts, the main adjustments on the vessel are three huge engine cells - two in the back replacing the old engine pods, and one in the front replacing the gun mounts. These push the Modified Ladybug to speeds only an insane captain would enjoy.`

person "Patrol Team"
	government "Author"

> 	frequency 300

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
	frequency 300
```
I want to keep an eye on this. Generally we want to the original person ships to be more common, so if it appears that this fleet is appearing more than necessary, this might change later (I had to do so for Gefu's pers ship before). Just leaving this as a note.

			"If you want your pull request to be closed"
		word
			", "
		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"
			"do not ever test it and don't add integration tests. Whatever those even are, they're apparently important"
			"try your best to avoid respecting existing syntax and conventions"
			"just forget about it for a while"
			"use the forbidden word: 'realism'"
			"bury the new feature in semi-relevant data changes"
			"do not, under any circumstances, ever be willing to compromise"
			"make sure to completely ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"
			"skip over writing an issue about it first"
		word
			"!"
			"."
			". Trust me! It works."
			". You shouldn't do those things, though! I'm just kidding."

	phrase
		word
			"You don't have to be a Reviewer to review pull requests"
			"Anyone can review a pull request, even you"
			"If you're unsure of how to help, try reviewing some pull requests"
			"We welcome an alternative view to the reviews on the pull requests"
			"If you spot a typo, do start a review"
			"If you have an idea to make something better, do start a review"
		word
			"."
			"!"

> 	ship "Waverider" "Proofreader's Pain"
> 		"never disabled"
> 	ship "Waverider" "Art Critics' Regret"
> 		"never disabled"
> 	ship "Waverider" "Code Herders' Curse"
> 		"never disabled"
> 		add attributes
> 			"required crew" 2
> 	ship "Waverider" "Choreographers' Tears"
> 		"never disabled"
> 	ship "Waverider" "Adjuncators' Blood"
> 		"never disabled"
> 		outfits
> 			"Particle Cannon" 4
> 			"S-970 Regenerator"
> 			"Dwarf Core"
> 			"LP072a Battery Pack"
> 			"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
> 			"Catalytic Ramscoop"
> 			"Tactical Scanner"
> 			"Cargo Scanner"
> 			"Outfit Scanner"
> 			"Asteroid Scanner"
> 
> 			"A120 Atomic Thruster"
> 			"A125 Atomic Steering" 2
> 			"Scram Drive"
> 
> 			"Emotional Baggage"
> 			"Tear of Skade" 2
> 	ship "Waverider" "Balancers' Madness"
> 		"never disabled"
> 		add attributes
> 			"shields" 12000
> 			"hull" 5000
> 			"mass" 100

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
	ship "Waverider" "Proofreader's Pain"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Art Critics' Regret"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Code Herders' Curse"
		"never disabled"
		add attributes
			"required crew" 2
	ship "Waverider" "Choreographers' Tears"
		"never disabled"
	ship "Waverider" "Adjuncators' Blood"
		"never disabled"
		outfits
			"Particle Cannon" 4
			"S-970 Regenerator"
			"Dwarf Core"
			"LP072a Battery Pack"
			"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
			"Catalytic Ramscoop"
			"Tactical Scanner"
			"Cargo Scanner"
			"Outfit Scanner"
			"Asteroid Scanner"

			"A120 Atomic Thruster"
			"A125 Atomic Steering" 2
			"Scram Drive"

			"Emotional Baggage"
			"Tear of Skade" 2
	ship "Waverider" "Balancers' Madness"
		"never disabled"
		add attributes
			"shields" 12000
			"hull" 5000
			"mass" 100
```
Are we still doing the difference in crew, or is the Code Herder ship crew change a joke in itself? If the latter then that's fine, since these others have some aspects.

Author: Code Herder's gimmick is that it'd disable itself due to lack of crew every 50% chance, so it's sort of a mix of both.

Reviewer 6: yeah it's a bugy ship and it represents how we're undercrewed in that aspect

	thumbnail "thumbnail/waverider"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"
		"cost" 3000000
		"shields" 10000
		"hull" 7000
		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 1
		"mass" 150
		"drag" 1.5
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"fuel capacity" 1000
		"cargo space" 100
		"outfit space" 346
		"weapon capacity" 120
		"engine capacity" 54
		weapon
			"blast radius" 340
			"shield damage" 3400
			"hull damage" 1700
			"hit force" 5000
	outfits
		"Particle Cannon" 4
		"S-970 Regenerator"
		"Dwarf Core"
		"LP072a Battery Pack"
		"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
		"Catalytic Ramscoop"
		"Tactical Scanner"
		"Cargo Scanner"
		"Outfit Scanner"
		"Asteroid Scanner"

		"A120 Atomic Thruster"
		"A125 Atomic Steering" 2
		"Scram Drive"

		"Emotional Baggage"
	engine 0 56
	engine -23 64
	engine 23 64
	gun -22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 22.5 -56.5 "Particle Cannon"
	gun -31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	gun 31.5 -7 "Particle Cannon"
	description `The Waverider was a ship that was first requested and never used for five years, seven months and twenty-seven days.`
	description `	Its disappointment was so immense, it willed itself into being.`

outfit "Emotional Baggage"
	category "Unique"
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"

> 	description `The physical embodiment of everything that made the Reviewers who they are today.`

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
	description `The physical embodiment of everything that makes the Reviewers who they are today.`
```
This is persistent. :)

			"Canadian spelling fails me again."
			"This is my last review, I swear."
			"Looks like school's starting back up again. See you in a few months."
			"Typo detected. Initiating weapons engagement."
			"Code non-functional. Destroy them."

#		EjoThims
	phrase
		word
			"If you want your pull request not to be merged"
			"If you prefer that your pull request never be merged"
			"If you prefer that your pull request sits idle"
			"If you want your pull request to be closed"
		word
			", "
		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"
			"do not ever test it and don't add integration tests. Whatever those even are, they're apparently important"
			"try your best to avoid respecting existing syntax and conventions"
			"just forget about it for a while"
			"use the forbidden word: 'realism'"
			"bury the new feature in semi-relevant data changes"
			"do not, under any circumstances, ever be willing to compromise"
			"make sure to completely ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"
			"skip over writing an issue about it first"
		word
			"!"
			"."
			". Trust me! It works."
			". You shouldn't do those things, though! I'm just kidding."

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

	phrase
		word
			"You don't have to be a reviewer to review pull requests"
			"Anyone can review a pull request"
			"If you don't know how to help, try reviewing some pull requests"
			"Suggestions are welcome on pull requests even if you aren't a reviewer"
			"Oh! I found a typo here but I'm not a reviewer, but you don't need to be a reviewer to review pull requests"
			"Oh! I have an idea of how to rewrite this paragraph; I'll review even though I'm not a reviewer."
		word
			"."
			"!"
```

Reviewer 3: I can't suggest on your suggestion, so I'll comment it:

> "Oh! I have an idea of how to rewrite this paragraph, so I'll review"

Shouldn't that be `an idea on`?

Reviewer 4: Yep, it should be. Editing...

			"If you want your pull request to be closed"
		word
			", "
		word
			"make sure you keep adding content to it"
			"always change unrelated things"
			"do not ever test it and don't add integration tests. Whatever those even are, they're apparently important"
			"try your best to avoid respecting existing syntax and conventions"
			"just forget about it for a while"
			"use the forbidden word: 'realism'"
			"bury the new feature in semi-relevant data changes"
			"do not, under any circumstances, ever be willing to compromise"
			"make sure to completely ignore what the reviewers tell you to do"
			"skip over writing an issue about it first"
		word
			"!"
			"."
			". Trust me! It works."
			". You shouldn't do those things, though! I'm just kidding."

	ship "Waverider" "Proofreader's Pain"
		"never disabled"
		add attributes
			"bunk" 4
	ship "Waverider" "Art Critics' Regret"
		"never disabled"
		add attributes
			"bunk" 2
	ship "Waverider" "Code Herders' Curse"
		"never disabled"
		add attributes
			"required crew" 2
	ship "Waverider" "Choreographers' Tears"
		"never disabled"
		outfits
			"Particle Cannon" 4
			"S-970 Regenerator"
			"Dwarf Core"

> 			"LP576a Battery Pack"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
			"LP576a Battery Pack"
```
Why is this one different here? It's making it so the ship has negative space.

Author: In reference to the one mission to the Deep mission chain where "no one uses the LP576a"

Reviewer 10: I guess it's just a matter of if we care about giving one of them an extra 60 outfit space for the sake of this joke. 

Personally I'd prefer if it was just the original, since very few people will know the reference to it and it's not outstated, that way there all more neatly consistent. It's a person ship sure, but I don't really think we need this one.

Author: Back to the same point on not overcomplicating stuff by having each ship having the exact number of reviewers, eh?

Reviewer 10: Essentially.

Reviewer 4: A few things to note:

1. How many people are going to end up scanning this ship (OK, a few are)?
2. How many people actually pay attention to what the battery is (the human batteries have too similar names for me)?
3. Is anyone going to get the joke if they do the other things?

Reviewer 10: Yeah I'd just have it the same as the other ships.

Author: Has been addressed.

		outfits
			"Particle Cannon" 4
			"S-970 Regenerator"
			"Dwarf Core"
			"LP072a Battery Pack"
			"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
			"Catalytic Ramscoop"
			"Tactical Scanner"
			"Cargo Scanner"
			"Outfit Scanner"
			"Asteroid Scanner"

			"A120 Atomic Thruster"
			"A125 Atomic Steering"
			"A125 Atomic Steering"
			"Scram Drive"

			"Emotional Baggage"
			"Tear of Skade" 2
	ship "Waverider" "Balancers' Madness"
		"never disabled"
		add attributes
			"shields" 12000
			"hull" 5000
			"mass" 100

ship "Waverider"
	sprite "ship/waverider"
	thumbnail "thumbnail/waverider"
	attributes
		category "Light Warship"
		"cost" 3000000
		"shields" 10000
		"hull" 7000
		"required crew" 1
		"bunks" 1
		"mass" 150
		"drag" 1.5
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"fuel capacity" 1000
		"cargo space" 100
		"outfit space" 346
		"weapon capacity" 120
		"engine capacity" 54
		weapon
			"blast radius" 340
			"shield damage" 3400
			"hull damage" 1700
			"hit force" 5000
	outfits
		"Particle Cannon" 4
		"S-970 Regenerator"
		"Dwarf Core"
		"LP072a Battery Pack"
		"Liquid Nitrogen Cooler"
		"Catalytic Ramscoop"
		"Tactical Scanner"
		"Cargo Scanner"
		"Outfit Scanner"
		"Asteroid Scanner"

		"A120 Atomic Thruster"

> 		"A125 Atomic Steering"
> 		"A125 Atomic Steering"

Reviewer 10: ```suggestion
		"A125 Atomic Steering" 2
```
If it was intentional to have two A125 Atomic Steerings, do it this way.

			"		How do we indent after line breaks again?"
			"Please put the includes in alphabetical order."
			"Always keep three empty lines between functions."
			"Why do aliens speak English?"

> #		bene-dictator

Reviewer 3: Why are these comments at the beginning with each line, and indented after the `#`, instead of the other way around?

Author: Idk, I saw Saugia do it, then just decided to do it his way.

Reviewer 10: Hashes generally look more appropriate if they are at the beginning of a line, not immediately before a phrase. It's more personal preference though, other files do it both ways.
